We've now got our abstract class listener, which is going to make it a lot easier to create listeners
for all the different kinds of events that are going to be flowing around our application.
So let's take a look at how we're going to actually use this thing as a quick reminder.
Right now, our publisher file is publishing events on a channel or with a subject of ticket colon created.
So let's make a listener kind of like this one right here, a ticket created listener.
To do so, we are going to extend the listener class and then just define those three abstract properties
inside of it.
Subject on message and cue group name.
So back over inside, my editor at the very bottom.
I'll define a class called.
Ticket created listener And this is going to be extending the listener abstract class as soon as we
write that out.
We're going to get some ears here.
So again, this is TypeScript telling us that if we want to extend listener, we have to define on message
queue, group, name and subject.
So remember using these abstract class things is really fantastic because TypeScript is going to help
you implement parts of your code for you.
Let's first take care of subject.
So this will be the name of the channel that we want to listen to.
In our case, it is Ticket Colon created again because inside of our publisher, that is the channel
that we are publishing information to.
Next up is our cue group name.
Remember, the only requirement here is that it is some consistent value because we are essentially
joining a Q group with other services and whenever an event comes in, the message will be randomly
distributed to one of the instances or one of the listeners inside that Q group.
So let's imagine that we are creating this listener of ticket created.
How about inside of our payment service?
We've not yet put it together, but we'll assume that we are writing out this listener inside there.
So I'm going to try to join a queue group name of payments service.
And then finally we'll implement implement on message.
On message is going to receive our event data or the actual data coming out of the event.
And it's also going to receive the event itself as the second argument.
So I'll put in on.
Message.
This thing is going to receive our event data which is of type any for right now.
We're going to provide a better type for that in just a moment.
But right now, any is totally fine.
And then the actual message as the second argument.
So then inside of here we could run whatever business logic we want to run.
We can try to take the data, handle it in some fashion, update something in our database or whatever
we need to do.
So right now, I'll just do a console log and say.
Event data.
And the console log out the data.
Now, one other quick thing inside of on message.
We're presumably going to have some business logic inside of here.
And if the business logic fails for any reason, remember, we want to just allow this message to time
out, to fail, deliver essentially so that Nat's attempts to re deliver it automatically at some point
in time the future.
So if everything goes correctly, where you are going to call message back and acknowledge the message.
Otherwise, if something goes poorly, we are not going to act the message and just allow the message
to time out.
So if right now we'll assume that everything inside of here goes correctly and we'll do a message like
so.
So that is what's going to actually mark this message as successfully having been parsed.
So let's save this now.
To actually use it, we're going to need to create an instance of ticket created listener.
And remember this Things constructor was defined inside of our listener and the constructor requires
us to provide a pre initialized client.
So it should be a client that is already connected to our net server.
We already went through that process of creating a client and connecting it up at the top of the file.
So let's go up there right now.
So this is where we create our client.
We then attempted to connect and we listen for the Connect event.
We still want to keep around all the on clothes stuff to make sure that we clean up our connection.
But we do not need to create this option stuff because we have already gone ahead and implemented all
this inside that listener class.
So I'm going to delete that options block.
I'm going to delete the subscription that we created.
And I'll delete where we actually handled messages inside the subscription.
So now instead to do pretty much everything we were doing previously, we should only have to call new.
Tickets created listener.
And pass in our nats client of Stan.
Then after that, we're going to make sure that we tell this thing to start listening for incoming data.
And we do so by calling that listen method.
So we'll create the instance and call listen on it like so.
And that should be it.
So let's save this.
We're going to flip back over to our terminal and see how we're doing.
All right.
So looks like everything was created.
So we have received some message right here of ticket created on our payment service.
And there's the event data from the on message method.
So now, in theory, we should be able to also publish a new event.
And have it show up down here as well.
Yep.
There it was right there.
I know it's kind of hard to see if I clear that console at the command k and then republish.
I will see it up here in one of these two windows.
All right.
Well, I'd say that this is definitely a lot easier to read.
And eventually, maybe not right now, but eventually a lot easier to understand as well.
So any time that we want to receive an event or somehow handle incoming events, all we really have
to do is implement a class like this right here, list out the subject, a queue group name, and then
define this.
On message and on message will eventually be called with some data and message itself.
So this looks pretty good.
But still one or two other things I want to improve.
So quick pause right here and I'll see you in just a minute.